Doc/go tool for builder (#12990)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: cmd/builder/README.md

ocb --config=builder-config.yaml
```

### `go get --tool` (go version >= 1.24)

You need to have a `go` compiler in your PATH as well as a go project. 

Run the following command to register the `builder` CLI as a go tool.

```console
go get --tool go.opentelemetry.io/collector/cmd/builder
```

If Installed through this method, the binary can be called with `go tool builder` (only accessible from within your go project)

The upside of using `go get --tool` over the other aforementioned method is that the go toolchain manages the binary like any other dependency.

This has a couple upsides:

> - Your imports of otel libraries such as otel-core within your code will use the same version used to build the `builder` binary ensuring compatibility. 

Reviewer: I don't fully understand the versioning issues related to OCB, but the go.mod for the builder doesn't mention any OTel libraries, so I don't think they are used "to build the builder binary". Is this about the version of the Collector libs which ends up in the code _generated by_ the builder? If so, I would recommend clarifying things like so:
```suggestion
- You can pin the version of the builder used to build your distribution, which also pins the version of the core Collector libraries used as part of it. This ensures compatibility with imports of OTel libraries within your component code.
```

Author: Yes this is most likely an oversight on my part, thanks for noticing it

> - Different go projects using different versions will use different `builder` managed automatically instead of forcing the user to download multiple versions of the binary.  

Author: > ### `go get --tool` (Go version >= 1.24)
i meant `go version` as like writting in your terminal `go version` so i think i'd like to keep it as it is i think ? ( no strong opinion though, feel free to request a change nonetheless if you disagree)

> - Different go projects using different versions will use different `builder` managed automatically instead of forcing the user to download multiple versions of the binary.  

Reviewer: Sure, that works. Maybe put it in a `quote` block to emphasize the fact that it's a command?
